First, I would like to start with a brief explanation on how the defense skill works currently in patch 1.6: 


Increases the chance of being missed by an attack. 
Each point of defense will increase the chance of being missed by an attack from an even con NPC by .04% 

Increases the chance to dodge, parry, and block an attack. 
Each point of defense will increase the chance you will dodge, parry, or block an attack by .04% for each category 

Decreases the chance of being affected by a critical hit. 
Each point of defense will decrease the chance of being affected by a critical hit by .04% 

Decreases the chance of being affected by a Crushing Blow. 
Each point of defense will decrease the chance of being affected by a Crushing Blow by 2%. The benefit defense will have on a Crushing Blow is limited by your level. In other words, increasing your defense will only reduce the chance of being struck by a crushing blow if your current defense value is below your level¡¦s maximum unbuffed value. 

Second, an explanation on how Crushing Blows works in patch 1.6: 


A Crushing Blow is an attack made by an NPC on a PC that is 150% of the damage caused by a normal successful attack. 
Players cannot perform a Crushing Blow 

Crushing Blows will only occur when the attacker is 3 or more levels above its target. 
There is a 15% minimum chance of being struck by a Crushing Blow 

With that in mind, there is no reason increasing your defense will inadvertently increase the chance of being struck by a Crushing Blow. Looking at the statistics you provided, I can only say that the results are inconclusive. Some values appear to be off by as much as 3% of what they should be. In addition, all of the Crushing Blow values are far below the rate they should be occurring at. 

Our internal testing shows us that attack result percentages are well within the parameters we find acceptable. I hope the information here provides the answers you are looking for. 

-Hortus 